RHDEVDOCS-5877: Adding Content for NotificationsConfiguration GA (#72540)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/proc_configuring-notificationsconfiguration-crd-by-using-the-ocp-cli.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * <add list of assemblies where this module is included >

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
```
Add missing metadata.

Author: Fixed.

> [id="configuring-notificationsconfiguration-crd-by-using-the-ocp-cli_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-notificationsconfiguration-cr-by-using-cli_{context}"]
```

Author: Fixed.

> = Configuring NotificationsConfiguration (CR) by using the {OCP} CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring the NotificationsConfiguration CR by using CLI
```

Author: Fixed.

> You can configure NotificationsConfiguration (CR) by using the {OCP} CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR by using the {OCP} CLI.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have access to an {OCP} cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on your cluster.
* You have enabled notifications for the Argo CD instance.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {OCP} cluster.

. Run the following command to enable notifications:
+

> [source,yaml]
> ----
> oc edit argocd openshift-gitops -n openshift-gitops
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit argocd openshift-gitops -n openshift-gitops
----
```

> 

Reviewer: Adding an example output would be nice.
```suggestion
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
$ output
----
```

Author: I do not remember what the output was so for the moment I am not including this feedback.

Author: Fixed.

> . Run the following command to edit the default `NotificationsConfiguration` (CR) in the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to edit the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR in the cluster:
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> [source,yaml]
> ----
> oc edit notificationsconfiguration default-notifications-configuration -n openshift-gitops
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit notificationsconfiguration default-notifications-configuration -n openshift-gitops
----
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> where,
> 
> - `default-notifications-configuration` - is the name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` (CR)
> - `openshift-gitops` - is the name of the namespace

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#callouts-in-code-blocks
```suggestion
where:

`default-notifications-configuration`:: The name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR.
`openshift-gitops`:: The name of the namespace.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Under `Templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration for *Templates*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Under `Templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration:
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> .Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example template configuration
```

Author: Fixed.

[source,yaml]
----
  template.my-custom-template: |
    message: |

>     Application details: {{.context.argocdUrl}}/applications/{{.app.metadata.name}}.

Reviewer: Again possible add some brief explanation callout.

Author: Fixed.

----

.Verification

. To view the contents of the ConfigMap, run the following command:

> .Example
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> oc edit cm argocd-notifications-cm -n openshift-gitops
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit cm argocd-notifications-cm -n openshift-gitops
----
```

Author: Fixed.

> ----

Reviewer: Add an example output with an explanation so that the user knows what to look for.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argocd_instance/argo-cd-cr-component-properties.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-notificationsconfiguration-cr-by-using-cli_{context}"]

> = Configuring the NotificationsConfiguration CR by using CLI

Reviewer 2: Missing an article here:
```suggestion
= Configuring the NotificationsConfiguration CR by using the CLI
```

Author: Fixed.

> You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR by using CLI.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above about spelling out CR the first instance in a new section:
```suggestion
You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource (CR) by using CLI.
```

Author: Fixed.

> You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR by using CLI.

Reviewer 2: Also missing an article and (`oc`)here:
```suggestion
You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR by using the CLI (`oc`).
```

Author: Fixed.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to an {OCP} cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on your cluster.

> * You have enabled notifications for the Argo CD instance.

Reviewer 2: I think this prereq should be worded consistently with the same prereq in the other module:
```suggestion
* You have enabled notifications for the Argo CD instance. For more information, see "Enabling notifications with an Argo CD instance".
```

(My suggested text does not have the xref link since that's not allowed in a module)

Author: Fixed.

.Procedure

> . Enable notifications for the Argo CD instance in the CLI:

Reviewer 2: Per our [doc guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command), steps that introduce commands should have phrasing that explicitly mentions running a command:
```suggestion
. Enable notifications for the Argo CD instance by running the following command:
```

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc edit argocd openshift-gitops -n openshift-gitops

Reviewer 2: Based on the description list used in the following lines, it seems like these are user-replaced values. Per our [doc guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#command-syntax-for-replaceable-values) they should be formatted this way:
```suggestion
$ oc edit <argo_CD_instance> -n <namespace>
```

If these are not meant to be replaced by the user and will always be those values, ignore my comment.

Author: Fixed.

----
+
where:

> `argocd openshift-gitops`:: The name of the Argo CD instance.
> `openshift-gitops`:: The name of the namespace.

Reviewer 2: If these are user-replaced values, the format should match with above:
```suggestion
`<argo_CD_instance>`:: The name of the Argo CD instance.
`<namespace>`:: The name of the namespace.
```

Author: Fixed.

> `argocd openshift-gitops`:: The name of the Argo CD instance.
> `openshift-gitops`:: The name of the namespace.

Reviewer 2: Either way, per [doc guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#callouts-in-code-blocks) the descriptions should start with "Specifies":
```suggestion
`argocd openshift-gitops`:: Specifies the name of the Argo CD instance.
`openshift-gitops`:: Specifies the name of the namespace.
```

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer 2: This blank line can be deleted (I think. Ignore if that ends up messing up any of the formatting).

> `argocd openshift-gitops`:: Specifies the name of the Argo CD instance.
> `openshift-gitops`:: Specifies the name of the namespace.

Reviewer 2: You still need to change these values to match what's in the command:
```suggestion
`<argo_CD_instance>`:: Specifies the name of the Argo CD instance.
`<namespace>`:: Specifies the name of the namespace.
```

Author: Fixed.

+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
notifications:
  enabled: true
----

> . Edit the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR in the cluster:

Reviewer 2: Same comment about language for introducing a command:
```suggestion
. Edit the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR in the cluster by running the following command:
```

Author: Fixed.

> 

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc edit notificationsconfiguration default-notifications-configuration -n openshift-gitops
> ----
> +
> where:
> 
> `default-notifications-configuration`:: The name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR.
> `openshift-gitops`:: The name of the namespace.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above about using user-replaced values, if applicable:
```suggestion
$ oc edit notificationsconfiguration <default_notifications_configuration_CR> -n <namespace>
----
+
where:

`<default_notifications_configuration_CR>`:: The name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR.
`<namespace>`:: The name of the namespace.
```

Author: I cannot edit `default-notifications-configuration` to what you are suggesting @skopacz1 but I can change  "openshift-gitops" to "namespace".

Author: Fixed.

> `default-notifications-configuration`:: The name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR.
> `openshift-gitops`:: The name of the namespace.

Reviewer 2: And either way, same comment about the wording of these descriptions:
```suggestion
`default-notifications-configuration`:: Specifies the name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR.
`openshift-gitops`:: Specifies the name of the namespace.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Under `templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration:

Reviewer 2: "the code" sounds a little vague, even if it can be understood through the context of this procedure. Could you reword it to something like the following?
```suggestion
. Under the `templates` section of the CR, add the following sample configuration:
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Under `templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration:

Reviewer 2: IMO since the procedure's intro doesn't frame this an an example process that users should follow and tailor to their own needs, I'd avoid directly saying to add a sample that might need to be modified:
```suggestion
. Under `templates` in the code, add configuration such as the following example:
```

Author: Fixed.

> `<argo_CD_instance>`:: Specifies the name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR.

Reviewer 2: Since you said you cannot edit this value, this should go back to what it was before:
```suggestion
`default-notifications-configuration`:: Specifies the name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Under the `templates` section of the CR, add configuration such as the following example:

Author: Fixed.

+
.Example template configuration
[source,yaml]
----
  template.my-custom-template: |
    message: |
    Application details: {{.context.argocdUrl}}/applications/{{.app.metadata.name}}.
----

> . Verify the contents of the Argo CD `Notifications` config map:

Reviewer 2: Same comment about command language:
```suggestion
. Verify the contents of the Argo CD `Notifications` config map by running the following command:
```

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc edit cm argocd-notifications-cm -n openshift-gitops

Reviewer 2: If these values are meant to be user-replaced, I'd change this command syntax like my comments above:
```suggestion
$ oc edit cm <argo_CD_notifications_config_map> -n <namespace>
```

Author: Similar to what I mentioned in an earlier comment, I cannot change "argocd-notifications-cm", but I can change "openshift-gitops" to "namespace". Fixed.

----
+

> As a result, sample `template` configuration is replicated in the Argo CD `Notifications` config map.

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argocd_instance/argo-cd-cr-component-properties.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-notificationsconfiguration-cr-by-using-cli_{context}"]
= Configuring the NotificationsConfiguration CR by using CLI

You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR by using the {OCP} CLI.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to an {OCP} cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on your cluster.
* You have enabled notifications for the Argo CD instance.

.Procedure

. Enable notifications for the Argo CD instance in the CLI:
+

> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ oc edit argocd openshift-gitops -n openshift-gitops
> ----
> 
> +
> where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit argocd openshift-gitops -n openshift-gitops
----
+
where:
```

Author: Fixed.

`argocd openshift-gitops`:: The name of the Argo CD instance.
`openshift-gitops`:: The name of the namespace.

+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
notifications:
  enabled: true
----

. Edit the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR in the cluster:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit notificationsconfiguration default-notifications-configuration -n openshift-gitops
----
+
where:

`default-notifications-configuration`:: The name of the default `NotificationsConfiguration` CR.
`openshift-gitops`:: The name of the namespace.

. Under `Templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration:
+
.Example template configuration
[source,yaml]
----
  template.my-custom-template: |
    message: |
    Application details: {{.context.argocdUrl}}/applications/{{.app.metadata.name}}.
----

. Verify the contents of the Argo CD `Notifications` config map:
+
[source,terminal]

> ----
> $ oc edit cm argocd-notifications-cm -n openshift-gitops
> ----
> 
> As a result, sample `template` configuration is replicated in the Argo CD `Notifications` config map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
$ oc edit cm argocd-notifications-cm -n openshift-gitops
----
+
As a result, sample `template` configuration is replicated in the Argo CD `Notifications` config map.
```

Author: Fixed.
